When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I think it would be ideal when working on project which involves different contributors to the same project. It would also be helpful in the case where I tend to contribute  to the project from multiple places (home/work/elsewhere).

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Pulling changes manually is ideal as the user would have control as to when he wants the latest commit to be added to the project and it also would allow him to work on his project (locally) without having to worry about modifying his local code to function with the new updates (pull).

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Fork is a feature provided by GitHub to fork another person's repository (similar to clone) but only to a GitHub repository. Later we can clone it our local repository and edit it. By forking github also maintains the details of the actual user's repo from where we cloned.
    Clone is a feature by which we clone/copy a repository on GitHub to our local repository.
    Branch is feature by which we create a seperate execution line from the main project so that we can try out a new feature or  experiment on without affecting the main project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    The benefit is  that git can use  that information to compare the state of the local and the github to see if they are same or if there is any diff and also to check for merge conflicts.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without Git or GitHub, and if it's a team project then one person would have to handle merging code from different team mates. In such a situation it would be hard to understand every person's code and see where it fits and also to find if they hav made some changes. It would be easier to use Git or anyother version control system as a lot things are simplified and each user can focus on their respective tasks. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
